README.md, before:

[h1]At a Glance UI[/h1]

Just adds some usefull information to the UI, nothing great in amount of changes, but great in amount of information. :)

[b]Features[/b]
- Trade-Deal-UI shows all luxuries/strategic (pre GS) ressources and its outgoing/incoming durations.
- Citizen marker visible on district/wonder-build city-screen.
- Notification for ending importing trade-deals.

[b]Whats next?[/b]
- Nothing planned at the moment.

[b]Known issues[/b]
- None right now

[b]Game-versions & Localizations[/b]
Compatible with Basegame, R&F and GS.
Currently localized for EN and DE.

[b]Every feedback and bugreport is welcome![/b]
Special thanks to Gedemon from civfanatics and Tully's annex city-state mod for giving examples on modding cross-ui-gamescript after GS-Update!
Also very special thanks to Sparrow for the Cheat Menu Panel! Helps alot while modding!

[b]Want to support?[/b]
Rate or Donate!
Support is welcome, but not necessary!
[url=https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=23WSGSPD5XZRL&source=url][img]https://i.imgur.com/Jkozr8A.png[/img][/url]

Maybe you will also enjoy my other mods:
- "Gift It To Me" - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1683750352
- "FortifAI" - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1683757675

Commit message:

MOD Increased compatibility, added hex-overlay, fixed typos

README.md, after:

[h1]At a Glance UI[/h1]

Just adds a few small but useful information to the UI, nothing great in amount of changes, but great in amount of information. :)

[b]Features[/b]
- Trade-Deal-UI shows all luxuries/strategic (pre GS) resources and its outgoing/incoming durations.
- Citizen marker visible on district/wonder-build city-screen.
- Notification for ending importing trade-deals.
- Dynamic range-overlay for quick range checking with city and district-highlighting (industrial, entertainment and waterpark)

[b]Whats next?[/b]
- Nothing planned at the moment.

[b]Known issues[/b]
- None right now

[b]Game-versions & Localizations[/b]
Compatible with Basegame, R&F and GS.
Currently localized for EN and DE.

[b]Every feedback and bug-report is welcome![/b]
Special thanks to Gedemon from civfanatics and Tully's annex city-state mod for giving examples on modding cross-ui-gamescript after GS-Update!
Also very special thanks to Sparrow for the Cheat Menu Panel! Helps alot while modding!

[b]Want to support?[/b]
Rate or Donate!
Support is welcome, but not necessary!
[url=https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=23WSGSPD5XZRL&source=url][img]https://i.imgur.com/Jkozr8A.png[/img][/url]

Maybe you will also enjoy my other mods:
- "Gift It To Me" - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1683750352
- "FortifAI" - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1683757675
